Document the limitation for windowsperfcountersreceiver (#7116)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/windowsperfcountersreceiver/README.md

### SQL Server

TODO

## Known Limitation

> - The network interface is not available inside the docker. Hence, the metrics for the object `Network Interface` do not generate in the docker container. In the case of sub-process, it captures `Network Interface` metrics. There is a similar open issue in [Github](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/issues/5357) and [Docker](https://forums.docker.com/t/unable-to-collect-network-metrics-inside-windows-container-on-windows-server-2016-data-center/69480) forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The network interface is not available inside the container. Hence, the metrics for the object `Network Interface` aren't generated in that scenario. In the case of sub-process, it captures `Network Interface` metrics. There is a similar open issue in [Github](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/issues/5357) and [Docker](https://forums.docker.com/t/unable-to-collect-network-metrics-inside-windows-container-on-windows-server-2016-data-center/69480) forum.
```
